{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Arial-Black;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 ArialMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset77 Arial-BoldMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh9000\viewkind0
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 EdenGraph 1.2.0\

\f1\b0\fs18 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\

\fs24 Thank you for downloading EdenGraph.  If you have any suggestions on how to improve this program, go to the Help menu and select Send Feedback, or send an e-mail to support@edenwaith.com.  Fill out the on-line form to report any problems or to leave comments.\

\f2\b \
About
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 EdenGraph is a graphing calculator, built for Mac OS X, which is able to plot two-dimensional graphs using standard algebraic and trigonometric functions.  Many mathematical packages only allow for static, rendered images of graphs, whereas EdenGraph lets the user dynamically shift, track, or magnify the current graph.\
\
EdenGraph complements the Mac OS X methodology: the power of UNIX with an elegant, easy-to-use, and intuitive user interface.  EdenGraph aims to provide simplicity and usability, while harnessing the power and legacy of UNIX.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \

\f2\b Features
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \'a5 Plot standard algebraic and trigonometric functions in 2D space \
\'a5 Zoom in and out \
\'a5 Easily shift the graph by clicking on the screen and dragging \
\'a5 Track where the mouse is positioned \
\'a5 Save as TIFF, PDF, or EPS \
\'a5 Copy graph image to clipboard\
\'a5 Add, save, and edit your favorite equations\
\'a5 Print graphs \
\'a5 Change the color of the graph, background, axes, and grid\
\'a5 Check for new updates\
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \

\f2\b What's New?
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \'a5 Add, save, and edit your favorite equations\
\'a5 Ability to graph absolute values using abs(x) or |x|\
\'a5 Round values using round(), floor(), or ceil()\
\'a5 Quickly zoom to several selections (50%, 100%, 200%, 400%)\
\'a5 Return to Origin\ul \
\ulnone \'a5 New application icon\
\'a5 Graph equations like f(x) = 3\
\'a5 Increased graph scrolling when the cursor is dragged outside of the window\
\'a5 Updated Help section with lists of available functions and keyboard shortcuts.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \

\f2\b Installation/Uninstallation
\f1\b0 \
EdenGraph can be run anywhere on your computer.  However, for consistency's sake, just move the EdenGraph program to your Applications folder.  To uninstall, move the EdenGraph program to the Trash.\
\

\f2\b System Requirements
\f1\b0 \
Operating System: Mac OS 10.1 or higher\
RAM: 6 MB\
Disk space: Less than 1 MB\
\

\f2\b Licensing
\f1\b0 \
By using this product, you are agreeing to the terms set by this license.  EdenGraph is made available AS-IS.  No member or the company of Edenwaith is responsible for any damage or misuse of this or any other Edenwaith product.  The user is permitted to download and use EdenGraph for their own purpose(s).  EdenGraph is not to be redistributed, resold, or decompiled.\
\

\f2\b Cost
\f1\b0 \
EdenGraph 1.2.0 is freeware.  It will cost you a sum total of nothing.  Nada.  Zilch.\
\

\f2\b Known Issues
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \'a5 Invalid equations, such as foo + bar, will cause EdenGraph to no longer graph.  Close the program and restart to fix this problem. \
\'a5 Certain equations such as asin(x), ln(x), log(x), sqrt(x) will occasionally not graph.  Click on the Graph button again to try and refresh the drawing. \
\'a5 The new increased scrolling feature does not work on Mac OS 10.3.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f2\b \cf0 \
Version History\
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 \ul Version 1.2.0 - Released September 2004\ulnone \
Add, save, and edit your favorite equations\
Ability to graph absolute values using abs(x) or |x|\
Round values using round(), floor(), or ceil()\
Quickly zoom to several selections (50%, 100%, 200%, 400%)\
Return to Origin\ul \
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \ulnone New application icon\ul \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \ulnone Graph equations like f(x) = 3\
Increased graph scrolling when the cursor is dragged outside of the window\
Updated Help section with lists of available functions and keyboard shortcuts.\ul \
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \ul \
Version 1.1.1 - Released 11. March 2004\ulnone \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Factorials are now supported.\
Zooming in and out will focus on the center of the screen.\
A Save button has been added to the toolbar.\
An EdenGraph Product Page menu has been added under the Help menu.
\f2\b \
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 \ul Version 1.1.0 - Released 25. November 2003\ulnone \
A grid has been added.\
The color for the grid and axes can be user modified.\
A critical problem has been fixed where some equations with the negation sign would graph incorrectly.  The following equations will now graph correctly.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \'a5 \CocoaLigature0 (25 - x^2) / (5 - x)\
\CocoaLigature1 \'a5 \CocoaLigature0 -x^2\
\CocoaLigature1 \'a5 \CocoaLigature0 x^2-2*x+1\
\CocoaLigature1 \'a5 \CocoaLigature0 (x-1)^2\
\CocoaLigature1 \'a5 \CocoaLigature0 x^2 - 2*x\CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \ul \
Version 1.0 Final - Released 31. August 2003\ulnone \
Drawing speed increased significantly during and after shifting the graph.\
** (exponent) and % (modulus) operators added in addition to the default ^ and mod operators.\
Help system completed.\
Clear Graph does not erase the axes now.\
If no network is present, checking for an update will respond appropriately.\
\
\ul Version 1.0 Beta 3 - Released 7. August 2003
\f2\b \ulnone \
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 Copy graph image to clipboard\
New EdenGraph icon, Clear Graph icon, Quit icon, and Zoom icons\
Clear Graph icon in the toolbar\
Context-sensitive menu to zoom in and out\
Title bar shows current zoom level\
The settings in the preferences window save automatically\
Added the graph precision option\
The expiration check has been removed
\f2\b \
\
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 \ul Version 1.0 Beta 2 - Released 13. June 2003
\f2\b \ulnone \
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 Expressions such as 3x+7 now evaluate correctly.  \
A Check For Updates menu has been added to check for newer versions of EdenGraph.\
A Preference panel has been added which allows the user to change the color of either the background or the graph.\
The expiration check now works properly.  Occasionally a message would be returned that EdenGraph has already expired.\
The Help system has been updated with more information.\
\
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \ul Version 1.0 Beta 1 - Released 26. May 2003\ulnone \
Beta version of EdenGraph released.\
\
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f2\b \cf0 Websites
\f1\b0 \
Edenwaith: http://www.edenwaith.com\
EdenGraph: http://www.edenwaith.com/products/edengraph/\
Feedback: http://www.edenwaith.com/support/feedback.php\
Contact: support@edenwaith.com\
\

\fs18 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\fs24 \
\pard\tx0\tx1120\tx2240\tx3360\tx4480\tx5600\tx6720\tx7840\tx8960\tx10080\tx11200\tx12320\tx13440\tx14560\tx15680\tx16800\tx17920\tx19040\tx20160\tx21280\tx22400\tx23520\tx24640\tx25760\tx26880\tx28000\tx29120\tx30240\tx31360\tx32480\tx33600\tx34720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \'a9 2004 Edenwaith }